docs: Separate monolithic API examples page, and add getting started with the Langflow API (#8658)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Components/components-vector-stores.md

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| collection_name | String | The name of the Chroma collection. Default: "langflow". |

> | persist_directory | String | Custom base directory to save the vector store. Collections are stored under `$DIRECTORY/vector_stores/$COLLECTION_NAME`. If not specified, it will use your system's cache folder. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| persist_directory | String | Custom base directory to save the vector store. Collections are stored under `$DIRECTORY/vector_stores/$COLLECTION_NAME`. If not specified, it uses your system's cache folder. |
```
